a law-abiding mom of two has been forced
to buy flour from the dark web some
viewers may find Nathan news report
depressing like so many others across
lockdown Britain and Anna Shaw has
started taking extreme and illegal
measures to get her baking ingredients
finding herself in a shady underworld
where Baker's live or die on a coin toss
I caught up with Eleanor earlier I've
got two kids under 10 and pizza dough
making is an activity that I can string
out all day plus I'm under a lot of
pressure from the school moms what's up
group each time I find myself just
ordering more and more just to get that
same feeling now the deal is saying that
I get discount if I show some for him so
I've got self raising in the cellar
they're always gonna be people that need
flour so I'm just providing a service
you know what I'm keeping it off the
streets I only use wheat fields my
huntress in trust and the Miller would
never come this with anything well these
look
[Music]
worried about your baking habit there
will be a number after the show
[Music]